hello my name is Jeff Robinson an
executive chef for twin power catering
service today we're going to talk about
how to fry zucchini first of all
depending on how you cut your zucchini
whether you should cut it in shoestrings
I'll cut it in sticks or cut it in
slices today we're going to do two
different ways we're going to cut it in
sticks and we're going to do what we
call a shoestring zucchini or straight a
zucchini or julienne zucchini today
we're gonna take those zucchini I'm
gonna put it put on the approves here
because they're actually gonna dip it in
flour and you don't need a batter or
nothing like that because we we don't
want to take away from the zucchini we
don't want to add egg batter and all
right step but what we do want to do is
add looks just a little seasoning a
little all
so what I'm doing to drizzle some or
something like some olive oil some cumin
a tal avoid or something like that or
some sell it or whatever your desire may
be sour pepper just a little bit toss it
up a little bit okay we don't want it
dressed in all or nothing like that but
then we're gonna take our flour which we
have here pick the flour add it to the
zucchini okay
can I shake that up like that
the end what I'm gonna do take my
zucchini that's in there add it to my
basket if you don't have a frog basket
at the house you can always do this
enough a skillet or something like that
at the house but but you got to be very
cautious you got to watch it because
zucchini takes only seconds to cook you
don't want to burn it and then long you
keep it in the fryer the more boss is
gonna become because zucchini holds a
lot of water shake that up like that
okay then I'm gonna drop it in the fryer
you notice I got the frost sit at 350
degrees I'm gonna watch it you don't
have to do all let's shake it and bake
it on under that kind of stuff you just
want to kind of let it do its thing and
probably under about 20 or 30 seconds
because you don't want it to again you
don't want it to be get real moister and
you know it'll cook and that's the first
thing they're gonna do is overcook
itself again it's a shoestring zucchini
this is gonna cook very very quickly
and then we had about 25 seconds get
another five more seconds and then
ups-a-daisy ever gonna come up with it
yeah give it a little shake excess
grease yeah
take the zucchini
as you can see I have plates of zucchini
there got some bigger pieces of Keane in
there as well but this is what you
looking for on how to flow out of
zucchini again this is how you fry
zucchini